Fix Polyshape Tool Exiting Behaviours (#586)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.probuilder: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Fixed a bug where undoing a PolyShape creation then redoing it did not bring the PolyShape back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where undoing a PolyShape creation then redoing it did not restore the PolyShape.
```

- Fixed a bug where you could progress to the Edit Height stage of the Polyshape creation tool without forming a base polygon with at least three points.

> - Fixed a bug where shapes created by pressing Enter or Space using the Polyshape creation tool were not interactible nor added to the Scene hierarchy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where shapes created by pressing Enter or Space using the Polyshape creation tool were not selectable or added to the scene hierarchy.
```

> - [PBLD-213] Fixed a bug where selection changes with the Polyshape creation tool active were being reverted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PBLD-213] Fixed a bug where selection changes made while the PolyShape creation tool was active were being reverted.
```
